(Windy)
Let's do the math,
shall we Varis?
You have 300 life points
and one monster.
While I have 4000 life points
and two monsters.
4000 is greater than 300,
two is greater than one...
These aren't opinions,
these are what are
known as facts.
Facts that prove my opinion
that you're in troubllllle.
But what can you do.
Well,
there is plenty you can do.
Weep, beg, read a graphic novel.
It's just
that none of that will help you.
Nothing.
None of it.
(Ai)
He's not wrong...
Huh.
Now I can be nice.
I can.
I don't technically
have to delete you.
Technically.
I can just have you...
work for me.
Forever.
Unpaid.
Until the end of time.
(Varis)
That will never happen.
Not just because I refuse
to be your servant,
but because you're
not going to defeat me
in the first place.
(Windy)
Aww...
You know who's most disappointed
with your refusal?
Ai and Playmaker.
I offered you coexistence
and you just dumped it
in the trash.
That's not coexistence!
(Windy)
I exist, he exists, we exist,
that's coexistence.
Get a dictionary, Ai.
Even if your offer was real,
I'd never take it.
Because you've already proven
that you're not to be trusted.
Yes yes, I've heard that before.
Don't trust the Ignis,
blah blah blah talk talk talk.
It's not just talk.
I have proof.
You do?
Each Ignis has
a human counterpart,
like you and Playmaker,
and Flame and Soulburner.
So I ask this:
Where is Windy's?
If you're not going
to tell them, I will.
Because it's the reason why
I will never trust the Ignis.
♪♪♪
Share what you know.
So you snooped
into my history folder, Varis?
Shame shame shame.
Though I can't say I wouldn't
have done the same.
C'mon!
Spill the taco sauce!
Who's your human partner?
I...
don't have one.
What?
Of course you do!
Nope, no I don't.
And you can't do anything
to change my mind
because
the dumbest-Ignis-says-what.
What?
(laughing)
Got 'em.
You might have
issues with people,
but you were created from one.
You're both right.
Both?
I've been investigating
the Lost Incident again
to find out how the six children
are doing in the present.
And what I learned is
that among the six children...
there's one in particular
who's no longer of this world.
Huh?
(Varis)
An accident due to a faulty AI.
Surrrreee...
An accident.
Windy...
What did you do?
(Playmaker)
You caused the accident?
Why did you do that?
Why?
Well I never really
thought about it,
becuz...
I didn't want a partner?
Is that such a big deal?
Just a skosh.
(Windy)
Really?
Having a partner's a pain.
Do this, do that,
don't do this, don't do that.
And I know you know
that you know that, Ai,
cuz you've been hanging
with those meatbags
longer than any of us.
I don't know
how you tolerate it.
Well...
But you must since you're
willing to side with them
instead of joining
your family in this war.
(Ai)
War?
There doesn't have to be a war
becuz we don't have to fight!
Since when did I have to become
the adult in the room!
I'm not cut out
to be the adult!
Ai is right.
Uhh... The no fighting part?
Or the adult part?
It's time you open
your eyes Playmaker.
The war has already started.
If you haven't
been paying attention,
we're in the middle
of a duel right now.
(groaning)
That's right.
The peace ship
has already sailed
and fallen off
the edge of the earth.
Just like Varis will
when I send him
plummeting to his demise.
You ought to stop talking
as if you've already won.
As long as I have life points,
I'm still in this duel.
That's technically correct.
But realistically?
No.
It would be wise
not to get ahead of yourself.
Huh?
Now just watch me!
I summon my SPEEDBURST DRAGON!
(groaning)
I get to summon this monster
whenever your trap card
deals me damage.
But that's not all.
Its special ability
also deals you damage
equal to what I took,
and I regain half that amount!
No!
That's three K
worth of damage!
He outplayed you
this time, Windy.
Don't rub it in.
There's more.
SPEEDBURST DRAGON!
Attack and destroy
STORMRIDERSHIP ROCKBUSTER!
Aah!
Varis has taken the lead!
(Windy)
Ah.
You're beginning to annoy me.
(Varis)
Is that so?
Then allow me to relieve you
of that misery...
by ending you.
Because you can't feel
annoyed if you don't exist.
Huh.
That is logical.
Now don't you start
with me too, Lightning.
Because while I can appreciate
a well-executed move,
what I don't appreciate
are the exaggerations.
The oversell.
Just one tiiiiiiny
victory on his part and,
"Oh, Windy is done for!
"Have you bought peonies
for his deletion?"
With no such evidence to draw
such wild conclusions.
Keep yapping.
In my experience,
the more someone talks,
the more they're covering up
for their shortcomings.
And in my experience,
winners talk while losers balk.
Now it's my turn!
I draw!
I activate my spell card,
STROMRIDER RETURN!
As its name implies,
when I have no other spell
or trap cards in play,
I can return a STORMRIDER
in my graveyard
back to my field.
STORMRIDERSHIP ROCKBUSTER
flies again!
And STORMRIDER TURBULENCE's
effect
raises its attack points by 300!
Uh, you can say it
all powerful and scary-like,
but both of Varis's monsters
are still stronger than yours,
Windy.
(Windy)
True. Very true.
That is a problem.
Or it would be a problem for me,
you see,
if I didn't have
a problem solver.
(evil laugh)
This!
A Data Storm?
(laughing)
No one winds the winds
more windy than Windy!
This Data Storm allows me
to activate my Skill!
When I have less
than 1000 attack points,
I can draw a random Link Monster
from inside the Data Storm!
Hey!
That's our Skill!
Now it's mine too!
(laughing)
Go!
Storm Access!
I thought that Skill
could only be used
during a Speed Duel.
Well, you thought wrong,
buddy boy.
That's right.
(Playmaker)
And this isn't the first time
a Skill was used
outside of a Speed Duel.
Bohman did the same thing.
Does this mean you're
working with him?
(Windy)
I can neither confirm and deny,
but I can do one of 'em!
Yup!
Bohman's with us!
(Ai)
So you've been lying
to us this whole time?
(Windy)
No no no, not lying.
Misleading.
Big difference.
Okay, not that big,
but different.
If you're in cahoots
with Bohman,
and Bohman took Jin's soul,
You must know how to save Jin!
I doooo.
But do I do it?
Do I do or not do?
Cuz all I want to do for now
is to do this duel.
So I'm going
to cyclone my circuit!
The summoning conditions require
at least two STORMRIDERS,
so I set STORMRIDER HARPIARM
and STORMRIDERSHIP ROCKBUSTER
in the Link Arrows!
I Link Summon!
Link 3 STORMRIDERSHIP
BAHAMUT BOMBER!
That's the new monster
that Windy was able to acquire
from the Data Storm.
And with my Field Spell
STORMRIDER TURBULENCE,
BAHAMUT BOMBER gains
300 attack points.
That makes it stronger
than Varis' monsters!
(Windy)
I know.
That's why I did it.
Also, when I have no spell
or trap cards in my field,
BAHAMUT BOMBER's
special ability activates,
destroying one of your cards,
and dealing you
500 points of damage.
Be gone, BORRELOAD DRAGON!
Now BAHAMUT BOMBER,
fire and destroy
SPEEDBURST DRAGON!
Ah!
But there's more.
Yes yes there's more.
Since I have no monsters
in my Main Monster Zone,
I'm allowed to summon
STORMRIDER SKYFISHER
from my hand in defense mode.
But in exchange,
you get to retrieve one spell
or trap card from your graveyard
and place it facedown
on your field.
Now go on go on, I'm being nice.
Oh, but that card
you bring back?
You're not allowed
to activate it.
So it'll be
completely useless!
(groans)
(Varis)
Fine.
I'll bring back MAGIC CYLINDER.
Greaaaaaaaat!
But do you know
how I said that card
was completely useless?
It's not useless for me!
Because BAHAMUT BOMBER's special
ability destroys your trap card
and deals you
500 points of damage!
Thanks, MAGIC CYLINDER!
(groans)
Lastly, when I have STORMRIDER
TURBULENCE on my field,
I can return STORMRIDER
SKYFISHER to my hand.
And with that, I end my turn.
Not just the turn,
but Varis too.
Ai, don't be so sure.
You know that Varis is the type
that will never give up.
(Varis)
That's right.
Huh?
Aww glitch!
The Hanoi!
Hey lab coats!
Your boss only has a dollar's
worth of life points left!
(Faust)
I see that.
So?
A hundred life points is not
the same as zero life points.
Yes, it's more
than plenty.
We have
the utmost faith in him.
My oh my oh my,
confident, aren't you?
Then why is he the one
down on his knees?
Hmmmmm?
So I can prove...
I can get back up.
How can we
help, sir?
Did you take care
of all the guards?
We destroyed
every last one of them.
What?
Don't be so surprised.
How could they pose
a threat to us...
when they were
nothing more than programs?
(groans)
You three can take a break
while I take care of this Ignis.
Because this is one opponent
I want to crush on my own.
(Kolter)
You see Playmaker anywhere?
(Flame)
No.
But Windy's Echoes
have seen better days.
Hey, look up there.
Aww man.
(Soulburner)
I know you.
You're Spectre.
Nice to meet you too,
Soulburner.
Oh, so you know who I am.
(Spectre)
Oh, not just you.
Also your little fiery friend.
Does it have a name?
Yes it's F-L--
(Soulburner)
His name is
none of your business!
"None of your business?"
That's quite an unusual name.
I would've picked something
simpler and better like...
Flame.
I agree.
It's quite--
(Soulburner)
Not now.
(Spectre)
I was just finishing
cleaning up this rabble,
so would you care to join me
up these stairs
to that temple above?
Join you, huh?
(Spectre)
I promise you this isn't a trap.
(Soulburner)
Heh.
I know how much a Hanoi's
promise is worth.
You wound me,
Soulburner.
I assure you
this little excursion will be
to our mutual benefit.
Because what awaits
there is the truth.
The truth about the Ignis.
A truth that may
affect how you view
that little fireball of yours.
Oh, it sounds like you
are accusing me of something?
(Spectre)
Am I?
Well if you follow me,
you can see for yourself.
(sighs)
(Windy)
It's a shame
that you can't transform
your arrogance into life points.
Because if you could
you'd have more
than the number
of stars in the sky.
But you can't and you won't
so all you can do
with your 100 life points
is glare at me in vain.
Like this.
Ah, seems we've arrived
at the most exciting moment.
Hold up.
Windy, what are you doing here?
Flame! Soulburner!
(gasps)
Playmaker it's you!
Yusaku!
Ai!
(laughs)
Perfect, another Ignis
arrives to join the party.
The Knights of Hanoi!
How dare you!
If you've hurt even a single
byte off my companions...
Flame...?
FLAME!!!!
The Hanoi didn't
trap us in here.
It was Windy and Lightning.
What?
I don't understand...
What don't you
understand?
It's quite normal
to lock up a traitor.
A traitor like Ai.
And a traitor like you, Flame.
Lightning,
will you do the honors?
Certainly.
Look out!
Activating anti-Ignis algorithm!
Ha!
Looks like our pal's
program came in handy.
And he created extras for you.
I am free!
Wee!
Windy!
You're in for it now!
You better get your wallet
cuz we're making you pay!
Wait your turn.
I still have
this Varis to dust away.
It's my turn!
I draw!
It's not just a draw.
It's your final draw.
Your final draw ever.
How does that feel?
(smirks)
That's unexpected.
What's with the smirk?
I was picturing
how fun it'll be
to shove your own words
down your throat.
I'll start by activating
my Field Spell,
BOOT SECTOR LAUNCH,
to revive one ROKKET monster
that's in my graveyard!
Come on back,
ANESTHROKKET DRAGON!
Then I summon my Tuner
ROKKET SYNCHRON from my hand!!
It's a Tuner monster.
Huh?
(Varis)
Next, ROKKET SYNCHRON's
special ability activates!
When I successfully
summon ROKKET SYNCHRON,
I can resurrect
a Level 5 or higher
Dark Attribute Dragon from
my graveyard in defense mode
by negating
its special abilities!
Now go, SPEEDBURST DRAGON!
The one drawback
is that it's destroyed
at the end of the turn,
but I won't have
to worry about that
because it won't
stick around for long!
Watch this, Windy!
My Level 1 ROKKET SYNCHRON
tunes with my Level 1
ANESTHROKKET DRAGON
and Level 6 SPEEDBURST DRAGON!
Varis... can Synchro Summon?
The fuel of the cosmos mixes
with the boundaries of speed...
to transcend the beyond!
I Synchro Summon!
BORRELOAD SAVAGE DRAGON!
(Varis)
The fuel of the cosmos mixes
with the boundaries of speed...
to transcend the beyond!
I Synchro Summon!
BORRELOAD SAVAGE DRAGON!
Ah!
Oh man...
Varis has revamped
his deck.
(groans)
BORRELOAD SAVAGE DRAGON's
special ability activates!
When this dragon
is Synchro Summoned,
it equips one Link Monster
from my graveyard.
And for every Link Arrow
that the Link Monster has,
SAVAGE DRAGON gains
one Borrel Counter.
So I'll equip it
with BORRELOAD DRAGON!
Since BORRELOAD
DRAGON has four Links,
SAVAGE DRAGON gains
four Borrel Counters!
BORRELOAD DRAGON used
to be his main dude,
but now it's cast
for best supporting role!
Meaning his cards are
more powerful than before.
This isn't... good.
How could I not
have predicted this?
He's only a human!
(Varis)
BORRELOAD SAVAGE DRAGON has
another special ability!
It gains half the attack points
of the monster that it equips!
BORRELOAD DRAGON has
3000 attack points,
so SAVAGE DRAGON's
attack points increase to 4500!
I still have one last maneuver
to shut you down forever!
My BAHAMUT BOMBER's
special ability
can destroy one card
in your Spell & Trap Zone,
meaning your BORRELOAD DRAGON,
and deal you
500 points of damage!
And you only have
100 life points left!
Meaning you would still be alive
if you never brought it out!
(Varis)
Don't worry.
I'll still be alive anyway.
My BORRELOADSAVAGE DRAGON
has yet a third ability!
By using one Borrel Counter,
it negates BAHAMAUT BOMBER's
special ability!
Noooooo!
Yes.
And it's over, Windy!
Attack!
BORRELOAD SAVAGE DRAGON!
Ahh.
Aahh!
Well, that took the air
out of his sail.
Light...ning...
Help me...
Help you?
Why?
You're the one who wanted
to duel him.
You're the one
who chose to lose.
You knew the consequences.
No... I don't...
I don't want to be erased.
Finish it.
No stop!
Don't do it!
(groaning)
Windy...
I... don't... want...
to be... erased...
Lightning!
Save him!
Thank... you...
I couldn't help
but to overhear you
asking Lightning
for help, Ai.
Yeah, what of it?
Me and Windy might not
see eye to eye,
but that doesn't
mean I want him gone!
(Lightning)
But after
what we just witnessed,
I don't believe
your fellow humans
agree with that statement.
How about you, Flame?
Which side are you on?
(Flame)
I am on the side of peace.
(Soulburner)
As am I.
Then you're in the minority
because there can
never be peace.
That's the one thing
we agree on.
(groans)
(Ai)
C'mon, Lightning!
You know I'm not good at this,
but do I have to appeal
to your logic again?
Without Windy,
you're all on your own!
I'm not as alone
as you may think, Ai.
(gasps)
Soulburner, it's them!
Bohman and--
(Ai)
And his cheerleader.
(Playmaker)
Good, it saves me the trouble
of finding you two.
Because I won't
rest until I learn
where you're hiding Jin's soul.
Hiding?
It hasn't been hiding.
In fact,
it's been here all this time.
Say what?
No way...
Can this truly be...
Lightning's counterpart is Jin!